Course Title: Winning Data Science Hackathons - Learn from Elite Data Scientists

Title Description: Competing in a data science hackathon is all about skills, tactics, creativity and learning! Here is a unique opportunity to understand how the top hackers approach various types of problem statements and competitions.

Course Description:
There is no substitute for experience. And that holds true in Data Science competitions as well. These cut-throat hackathons require a lot of trial-and-error, effort, and dedication to reach the ranks of the elite.

This course is an amalgamation of various talks by top data scientists and machine learning hackers, experts, practitioners, and leaders who have participated and won dozens of hackathons. They have already gone through the entire learning process and they showcase their work and thought process in these talks.

This course features top data science hackers and experts, including Sudalai Rajkumar (SRK), Dipanjan Sarkar, Rohan Rao, Kiran R and many more!

From effective feature engineering to choosing the right validation strategy, there is a LOT to learn from this course so get started today!

Prerequisites:

A working knowledge of basic machine learning algorithms will help you understand the talks covered in this course.
Course Curriculum:

Introduction to Winning Data Science Hackathon Course
About the Winning Data Science Hackathon course
Talks by Elite Data Scientists
Automating the Machine Learning Pipeline with AutoML by Dr. Sunil Chinnamgari
AutoML and the suite of tools available in this area attempts to automate all of these tasks of a data scientist therefore enabling almost a one – click ML pipeline development. This talk attempts to introduce the concept of autoML to the participants.
What Sets the Top Hackers Apart? - A panel discussion of elite data science practitioners
A panel discussion consisting of top data scientists - Sourabh Jha, Kiran R, Mohsin Hasan Sudalai Rajkumar (SRK), Sahil Verma, Rohan Rao. They will discuss many elements of data science competitions but most importantly - What does it take to repeatedly perform well in these data science challenges?
Effective Feature Engineering for Building Better ML Models by Dipanjan Sarkar
Dipanjan takes a structured and comprehensive hands-on approach to feature engineering, where we will explore two interesting case studies based on real-world problems!
Feature Engineering for Image Data by Pulkit Sharma and Aishwarya Singh
Not all of us have unlimited resources like the big technology behemoths such as Google and Facebook. So how can we work with image data if not through the lens of deep learning? Here’s an amazing talk to up your image data skillset.
Instructor(s):

Instructors: Sudalai Rajkumar (SRK), Dipanjan Sarkar, Rohan Rao, Kiran R, Dr. Sunil Chinnamgari, Sourabh Jha, Mohsin Hasan, Sahil Verma, Pulkit Sharma, Aishwarya Singh
Key Takeaways:

Learn from the experiences and strategies of top data science hackers.
Gain insights into effective feature engineering techniques.
Understand the importance of automation and AutoML in data science competitions.
Develop a winning mindset for data science hackathons.