Here's the revised curriculum for "Tableau for Beginners" based on the provided template and incorporating the feedback from the ratings:

Course Title: Tableau for Beginners

Title Description: Get Started with Tableau for Data Visualization, Analytics and Business Intelligence

Course Description:
Tableau is the gold standard in business intelligence, analytics and data visualization tools. Tableau Desktop (and now Tableau Public) have transformed the way we interact with visualizations and tell data stories to our clients, stakeholders, and to non-technical audiences around the world.

Tableau has been recognized as a Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Analytics and Business Intelligence Platforms for 8 straight years. Here’s Gartner’s most recent ranking in 2020:
Opens in a new window
www.cxtoday.com
Gartner Magic Quadrant for Analytics and Business Intelligence Platforms

In this Tableau for Beginners course, you will learn everything you need to get started with this wonderful visualization and business intelligence tool. You’ll be able to build charts like bar charts, line charts (for working with time series data), pie charts, and even get the hang of geospatial analysis using map visualizations in Tableau!

Note: If you’re looking to build and master dashboards and storyboards in Tableau, make sure you check out the popular ‘Mastering Tableau from Scratch: Become a Data Visualization Rockstar’ course!

Course Curriculum:

Introduction
Welcome to the Course
Concept of Visualization
Understanding the Length and Breadth of Tableau
Getting Started with Tableau
Different Types of Charts in Tableau
Bar Charts
Line Charts
Pie Charts
Scatter Plots
Maps
BONUS: Other Functionalities in Tableau
Filters
Calculations
Parameters
What's Next?
Instructor(s):

Instructor Name: [Insert Instructor Name]
Instructor Designation: [Insert Instructor Designation]
About the Instructor: [Insert Instructor Bio]
Key Takeaways:

Understand the core concepts of data visualization and business intelligence.
Learn the basics of using Tableau software.
Create various types of charts and visualizations in Tableau.
Gain a foundational understanding of Tableau's features and functionalities.
Prepare for your journey towards becoming a proficient Tableau user.